update refs for -12 of http core drafts (#4182)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-http.md

determined to be the most appropriate response for that request given the state
of the target resource at the time of response message origination by (or at the
direction of) the origin server identified within the target URI.  Locating an

> authoritative server for an HTTP URL is discussed in Section 6.1.3 of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authoritative server for an HTTP URL is discussed in Section 4.3 of
```

an IP address, the client MUST verify that the address appears as an iPAddress
in the subjectAltName field of the certificate.  If the hostname or address is
not present in the certificate, the client MUST NOT consider the server

> authoritative for origins containing that hostname or address.  See Section 6.1.3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authoritative for origins containing that hostname or address.  See Section 4.3
```

3. optionally, the trailer field section, if present, sent as a single HEADERS
   frame.

> Header and trailer field sections are described in Section 5.4 of {{!SEMANTICS}};

Reviewer: Section 5.4 is about headers only, not trailers.  This may need to explicitly reference 5.4 and 5.6 to get the equivalent context.

> Header and trailer field sections are described in Section 5.4 of {{!SEMANTICS}};
> the payload body is described in Section 5.5.4 of {{!SEMANTICS}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Header and trailer field sections are described in Sections 5.4 and 5.6 of
{{!SEMANTICS}}; the payload body is described in Section 5.5.4 of
{{!SEMANTICS}}.
```

Content-Length header field.  A request or response is also malformed if the
value of a content-length header field does not equal the sum of the DATA frame
payload lengths that form the body.  A response that is defined to have no

> payload, as described in Section 5.5.4 of {{!SEMANTICS}} can have a non-zero

Reviewer: ```suggestion
payload, as described in Section 5.5.4 of {{!SEMANTICS}}, can have a non-zero
```
Not an error in your PR, just an existing error you happened to touch.

## Intermediary Encapsulation Attacks

The HTTP/3 field encoding allows the expression of names that are not valid

> field names in the syntax used by HTTP (Section 5.4.3 of {{!SEMANTICS}}). Requests

Reviewer: This paragraph needs to be rewrapped.
